This file contains a description of the output files from the CARMA data reduction pipeline.

Note that this is the version 1.0 release of the pipeline and the following caveats apply:
    The pipeline is based on general best practices
    The images and calibrated data can be considered good for comparison/reference with
        data reduced by a person, but not good enough to be published as is
    There is no substitute for the human eye when it comes to detecting spurreaous data
    Not all CARMA data can be reduced by the pipeline. Early projects, before the full
        deployment of the project database and associated monitor point changes, may
        fail due to a failure to properly determine the purpose of the objects.
        Commissioning task data may or may not reduce properly, depending on
        what was observed, etc.
    The pipeline can reduce spectral line and continuum data from both single pointings
        and multipoint mosaics at 1 cm, 3 mm, and 1 mm. Data reduction for CARMA 23, dual
        polarization, and full stokes modes is still under development.

Files produced :

reduction.notes
    This file is automatically generated during data reduction and contains outputs from
    some routines as well as notes on internediate files (e.g. flux on caclibrators, rms
    noise level of maps, etc.)

reduction.script
    This file is automatically generated during data reduction and is a self contained csh
    script tha will reproduce exactly what the pipeline did (requires an up to date MIRIAD
    distribution in order to run). This file can be adjusted to include your personal preferences
    for data reduction and run on your home machine.

All output MIRIAD file names contain the name of the object they are associated with. Also all source
    data have been broken into individual windows for imaging purposes.

Calibrated UV files
    Calibrated UV data files (sources and gain calibrators only) are named as follows
    <object>.w<#>, where object is the name of the observed object it contains and
    # is the window number (e.g. ORION.w1 contains the calibrated UV data from window 1
    from ORION)

Channel Maps
    Map data cubes are named similarly to the calibrated uv files, but end in .final (e.g
    ORION.w1.final contains the channel maps of window 1 from ORION)

Continuum Map
    If a continuum map was produced it will be named as <object>.final
    A continuum map of the primary gain calibrator is also produced by the pipeline for
        reference purposes.

All other MIRIAD files are provided for reference

All python files (*.py) are the pipeline files used to reduce the data.

Forum
    A forum for questions and discussion of the CARMA data reduction pipeline
        has been create at http://eeyore.astro.illinois.edu/~friedel/pipeline/
        Registration is not required but is recommended.


Image viewing tasks that can be used to view the maps are:
    cgdisp  (miriad program)
    cgcurs  (miriad program)
    ImViz   (stand alone image viewer http://lai.astro.illinois.edu/IMViz/)
